README.md, before:

## JSPC Maven Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/leonardehrenfried/jspc-maven-plugin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/leonardehrenfried/jspc-maven-plugin)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.leonard.maven.plugins/jspc-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cgav%7C1%7Cg%3A%22io.leonard.maven.plugins%22%20AND%20a%3A%22jspc-maven-plugin%22)

This plugin precompiles JSPs. It is a fork of jetty-jspc-maven-plugin and configured as follows:

```xml
<build>
....
<plugin>
 <groupId>io.leonard.maven.plugins</groupId>
  <artifactId>jspc-maven-plugin</artifactId>
  <version>${ENTER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
   <executions>
    <execution>
     <id>jspc</id>
     <goals>
     <goal>compile</goal>
    </goals>
    <configuration>
    </configuration>
  </execution>
 </executions>
</plugin>
...
</build>
```

It has the following improvements compared to jetty-jspc-maven-plugin:

* Faster: can be configured to run multi-threaded. For a speed comparison read the blog post below.
* More descriptive error messages: Under Maven 3 this plugin shows a clear indication of what caused the error and which file it is in
* Not stop at the first error (depends plugin configuration)

The compiler used by default in this plugin is [Apache Jasper 9.0.12](http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/tomcat/tomcat-jasper/9.0.12/).

If the Jasper compiler version needs to be overloaded, the plugin must be configured as follows:

```xml
<build>
....
<plugin>
 <groupId>io.leonard.maven.plugins</groupId>
  <artifactId>jspc-maven-plugin</artifactId>
  <version>${ENTER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
   <executions>
    <execution>
     <id>jspc</id>
     <goals>
     <goal>compile</goal>
    </goals>
    <configuration>
    </configuration>
  </execution>
 </executions>

 <dependencies>
  	<dependency>
  		<groupId>org.apache.tomcat</groupId>
  		<artifactId>tomcat-jasper</artifactId>
  		<version>${ENTER_JASPER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
  		<exclusions>
  			<exclusion>
  				<groupId>org.eclipse.jdt.core.compiler</groupId>
  				<artifactId>ecj</artifactId>
  			</exclusion>
  		</exclusions>
  	</dependency>

  	<dependency>
  		<groupId>org.eclipse.jdt.core.compiler</groupId>
  		<artifactId>ecj</artifactId>
  		<version>4.6.1</version>
  	</dependency>
  </dependencies>
</plugin>
...
</build>
```

Full documentation of the goal is available at http://leonardehrenfried.github.com/jspc-maven-plugin/compile-mojo.html

## Compatibility Matrix

* 3.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.8, Jasper only 9.X
* 2.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.7, Jasper only 8.X
* 1.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.5, Jasper only 6.X, 7.X

## Comparison of precompiler plugins

[https://tcollignon.github.io/2016/12/04/How-to-compile-JSP-with-Tomcat-and-Maven-faster.html](https://tcollignon.github.io/2016/12/04/How-to-compile-JSP-with-Tomcat-and-Maven-faster.html)

## Use another JSP compiler

By default this plugin use org.apache.jasper.compiler.JDTCompiler (see compilerClass goal option). But if the number of threads is over 2, 
this compiler has too much synchronization overheas and hence is no very not very performant. 

To improve this is possible to user another compilerClass `org.apache.jasper.compiler.ParallelJDTCompiler`, which reduces synchronization.

## Release process

1. `make release`
1. `make commit-site`

Commit message:

Add some warning to org.apache.jasper.compiler.ParallelJDTCompiler with Tomcat 9

README.md, after:

## JSPC Maven Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/leonardehrenfried/jspc-maven-plugin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/leonardehrenfried/jspc-maven-plugin)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.leonard.maven.plugins/jspc-maven-plugin.svg)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cgav%7C1%7Cg%3A%22io.leonard.maven.plugins%22%20AND%20a%3A%22jspc-maven-plugin%22)

This plugin precompiles JSPs. It is a fork of jetty-jspc-maven-plugin and configured as follows:

```xml
<build>
....
<plugin>
 <groupId>io.leonard.maven.plugins</groupId>
  <artifactId>jspc-maven-plugin</artifactId>
  <version>${ENTER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
   <executions>
    <execution>
     <id>jspc</id>
     <goals>
     <goal>compile</goal>
    </goals>
    <configuration>
    </configuration>
  </execution>
 </executions>
</plugin>
...
</build>
```

It has the following improvements compared to jetty-jspc-maven-plugin:

* Faster: can be configured to run multi-threaded. For a speed comparison read the blog post below.
* More descriptive error messages: Under Maven 3 this plugin shows a clear indication of what caused the error and which file it is in
* Not stop at the first error (depends plugin configuration)

The compiler used by default in this plugin is [Apache Jasper 9.0.12](http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/tomcat/tomcat-jasper/9.0.12/).

If the Jasper compiler version needs to be overloaded, the plugin must be configured as follows:

```xml
<build>
....
<plugin>
 <groupId>io.leonard.maven.plugins</groupId>
  <artifactId>jspc-maven-plugin</artifactId>
  <version>${ENTER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
   <executions>
    <execution>
     <id>jspc</id>
     <goals>
     <goal>compile</goal>
    </goals>
    <configuration>
    </configuration>
  </execution>
 </executions>

 <dependencies>
  	<dependency>
  		<groupId>org.apache.tomcat</groupId>
  		<artifactId>tomcat-jasper</artifactId>
  		<version>${ENTER_JASPER_VERSION_HERE}</version>
  		<exclusions>
  			<exclusion>
  				<groupId>org.eclipse.jdt.core.compiler</groupId>
  				<artifactId>ecj</artifactId>
  			</exclusion>
  		</exclusions>
  	</dependency>

  	<dependency>
  		<groupId>org.eclipse.jdt.core.compiler</groupId>
  		<artifactId>ecj</artifactId>
  		<version>4.6.1</version>
  	</dependency>
  </dependencies>
</plugin>
...
</build>
```

Full documentation of the goal is available at http://leonardehrenfried.github.com/jspc-maven-plugin/compile-mojo.html

## Compatibility Matrix

* 3.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.8, Jasper only 9.X
* 2.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.7, Jasper only 8.X
* 1.X version of jspc-maven-plugin : needs Java >= 1.5, Jasper only 6.X, 7.X

## Comparison of precompiler plugins

[https://tcollignon.github.io/2016/12/04/How-to-compile-JSP-with-Tomcat-and-Maven-faster.html](https://tcollignon.github.io/2016/12/04/How-to-compile-JSP-with-Tomcat-and-Maven-faster.html)

## Use another JSP compiler

By default this plugin use org.apache.jasper.compiler.JDTCompiler (see compilerClass goal option). But if the number of threads is over 2, 
this compiler has too much synchronization overheas and hence is no very not very performant.

To improve this is possible to user another compilerClass `org.apache.jasper.compiler.ParallelJDTCompiler`, which reduces synchronization.

Note : With Tomcat 9 the compiler `org.apache.jasper.compiler.ParallelJDTCompiler` will not work very well. It needs some fix.
We advice to use the standard `org.apache.jasper.compiler.JDTCompiler` instead.

## Release process

1. `make release`
1. `make commit-site`
